Document `keepalive` for buildbot workers may be the reason for frequent disconnects (#1221)
python/devguide: testing/new-buildbot-worker.rst

only of failures on your builders, so doing periodic spot checks is also a good
idea.

If your buildbot worker is disconnecting regularly, it may be a symptom of the
default keep-alive value being set too high (``600`` for 10 minutes). You

> can edit the `**keepalive** setting
> <https://docs.buildbot.net/latest/manual/installation/worker.html#cmdoption-buildbot-worker-create-worker-keepalive>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can edit the `keepalive setting
<https://docs.buildbot.net/latest/manual/installation/worker.html#cmdoption-buildbot-worker-create-worker-keepalive>`_
```
reST doesn't support markup in links.

> If your buildbot worker is disconnecting regularly, it may be a symptom of the
> default keep-alive value being set too high (``600`` for 10 minutes). You
> can edit the `**keepalive** setting
> <https://docs.buildbot.net/latest/manual/installation/worker.html#cmdoption-buildbot-worker-create-worker-keepalive>`_
> in the ``buildbot.tac`` file found in your build area to a lower value
> (e.g. ``180`` for 3 minutes).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   If your buildbot worker is disconnecting regularly, it may be a symptom of the
   default ``keepalive`` value (``600`` for 10 minutes) being `set too high
   <https://docs.buildbot.net/latest/manual/installation/worker.html#cmdoption-buildbot-worker-create-worker-keepalive>`_
   You can change it to a lower value (e.g. ``180`` for 3 minutes)
   in the ``buildbot.tac`` file found in your build area.

```
I added a `.. note::` to make this more visible, moved the link to `set too high` (since the link explains that), and rephrased accordingly.  (I haven't tested this.)
